docs: add database documentation (#2058)
graasp/graasp: README.md

## Database and Migrations

By default, the application will run migrations on start.

> A documentation about the database structure can be found [here](./DATABASE.md) and be browsed [here](https://graasp.github.io/graasp).

Reviewer: I prefer to have link texts be descriptive of what they are.
```suggestion
For more information about the structure of the database, see [our database structure documentation](./DATABASE.md) as well as [the interactive database schema explorer](https://graasp.github.io/graasp).
```
